[Tibetan]
(speaking in foreign language)
(laughing)
And then, in the time of the Uyghur Masombaba,
a modified disciple from Uyghur Masombaba,
he was as a Soho, the one,
one of the fortified disciples of Uyghur Masombaba.
(speaking in foreign language)
- And during the Kesa's time,
and the Kesa had so many ministers,
many warriors, eminated as warriors,
there's so many, and among them,
the one is the well-known, or the one of the highest,
the emanate of the warrior of the Kesa minister,
known as the Demas.
And the Demas, again,
one of the foremost of the minister assistants,
the Demas, is known as the Guri Jamsim,
so, again, he did what he knew,
it was the emanation of the Guri Jamsim.
(speaking in foreign language)
And then he said, "All those come so clearly,
"that then I don't have to be a doubt
"of the reconnections."
(speaking in foreign language)
And that's because of that,
all those indications and the graduations,
all the visions, then I decided to come home
of the reconnection of the Guri Jamsim.
(speaking in foreign language)
And this is before I'm coming to the Demas summon,
the day before, before I'm coming to the Demas summon,
and that I'm really not thinking about
the reincarnation of the Kesa minister.
(speaking in foreign language)
And so, again, in the region,
and that the Gari Jamsim,
that the Gari Jamsim's mother,
Gari Jamsim's mother must be coming in some assembly hall,
assembly hall, and she's carrying,
or she's with the reincarnation of the Gari Jamsim.
Now, this time, the Gari Jamsim is very strong
and strong to think.
(speaking in foreign language)
And that time, generally, right behind
of the reincarnation of the Gari Jamsim,
his mother, the day is, then,
(speaking in foreign language)
is the very, again, warrior of the duty of the Kesa.
But he's always been with his eminence,
eminence since he was 10 years old,
always as a lefard, an un-separate rebel,
or the shadow, never suffered as a shadow,
a being, and always giving instructions,
and for a religion.
(speaking in foreign language)
At that time, right behind of the reincarnation
of the Gari Jamsim, his mother was standing,
he said, "Say, this reincarnation of the Gari Jamsim
is truly, and we don't have to doubt.
This is unnecessary reincarnation,
we don't need any doubt."
(speaking in foreign language)
And as, and then, also,
they asked the question to me, and to discover,
and with all those indications,
and carefully examined, and following
with the, those explanations, one after another,
and so it is confirmed, that it will not be doubt,
and not just only that, even just before I'm coming,
I have that dream of a region, region again,
so truly, it is unmistakable reincarnation of Gari Jamsim.
(speaking in foreign language)
Now, you know, let's go over now.
Now, we just go over the reincarnation of the Gari Jamsim.
And then, and now, also, you do zilabu,
teaching, (speaking in foreign language)
the teaching, and then keep those teachings hard,
and the practices, and then, you have good (speaking in foreign
language) and all the facilities,
everything's quite really good, and therefore,
and so, keep the practice, and activate the teaching,
and that's it, and (speaking in foreign language)
is you, and happy, and relaxed,
and meaningful of these lives.
(speaking in foreign language)
And I'm going to pray to get to expanding and progressing,
or to develop this center, and this center,
particularly the new Muscles are very different,
and as well as this center, so we all pray
that we can go so far as well, and do this.
(speaking in foreign language)
(crowd chattering)
>> Thank you, everyone.